Terms of ownership and licensing for the code underlying the Smarter Balanced
Data Warehouse and Reporting System was agreed upon as part of Contract No.
20130211 between Amplify Education, Inc. (f/k/a Wireless Generation, Inc.) and
the State of Washington Office of Superintendent of Public Instruction. The
relevant sections of the General Terms and Conditions have been excerpted below:

                                  Attachment A
                         Contract for Personal Services
                          GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

11. Copyright Provisions.

11.1. Definitions

(a) “Acceptance” means the user acceptance testing and acceptance procedures
described in the Proposal.

(b) “Acceptance Date” means the date of Acceptance of the Reporting Platform
pursuant to the development timeline in the Proposal, as amended by mutual
agreement of the parties.

(c) “Consortium” means the multi-state arrangement known as the “Smarter
Balanced Assessment Consortium,” collaborating on a federally sponsored grant to
develop a comprehensive assessment system aligned to the Common Core State
Standards (CCSS).

(d) “Custom Reports” means Consortium-specific reports that Contractor provides
or delivers to the Consortium pursuant to this Contract, as set forth in
Attachment D (Reporting Platform).

(e) “Materials” means all items in any format and includes, but is not limited
to, data, reports, documents, pamphlets, advertisements, books, magazines,
surveys, studies, films, tapes, and/or sound reproductions. For clarity,
“Materials” does not include Software.

(f) “Proposal” means the Proposal to State of Washington Office of
Superintendent of Schools on behalf of the Consortium, SBAC RFP No. 15, attached
hereto.

(g) “Reporting Platform” means the system described in Attachment D (Reporting
Platform) to this contract.

(h) “Software” means computer programs and software, including any and all
software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether in
source code or object code and any related documentation.

11.2. Contractor Software.

(a) Ownership of Contractor Software. Subject to Section 11.4 (Open License
Roadmap) and Section 11.2(b) (License to Contractor Software), Contractor shall
be the sole and exclusive owner and retain all rights in, including all
intellectual property rights, in the Reporting Platform, other than Custom
Reports, including (a) Software created or otherwise owned by Contractor prior
to the Effective Date of this Contract and (b) Software acquired or created by
Contractor on or after the Effective Date of the Contract, including Software
created pursuant to this Contract.

(b) License to Contractor Software. Effective on the Acceptance Date, Contractor
shall grant and hereby grants to the Consortium Members (as defined below) a
worldwide, non- exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual license, to
access, use, execute, reproduce, display, distribute, perform and create
derivative works of the Contractor Software that are included in the Reporting
Platform, including the source code to such Contractor Software. This license
includes the right to grant sublicenses by Consortium Members to third party
vendors solely for the purpose of performing services on behalf of such
Consortium Member.

11.3. Custom Reports and Work-for-Hire Materials.

(a) Ownership. All Custom Reports and other Materials created by Contractor as
part of this Contract (“Consortium Materials”) shall be owned solely by the
Consortium and considered to be works made for hire (as that term is used in
Section 101 of the United States Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 101 et seq.). If any
Consortium Materials may not be considered a work made for hire under applicable
laws, Contractor hereby irrevocably assigns, and shall assign, to the Consortium
without further consideration, all of Contractor’s right, title and interest in
and to such Consortium Materials, including all intellectual property rights, in
the Consortium Materials.

(b) License to Custom Reports. Consortium shall grant and hereby grants to the
Contractor a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual
license, with the right to grant sublicenses, to access, use, execute,
reproduce, display, distribute, perform and create derivative works of the
Custom Reports.

11.4. Open License Roadmap.

If (a) the Reporting Platform is placed into live production with all Consortium
member education agencies existing as of August 1, 2014 (“Consortium Members”)
within three (3) months of Acceptance, (b) the Consortium consists of at least 5
Consortium Members on August 1, 2014, (c) the Reporting Platform continues to
serve such Consortium Members for a period of at least twenty four (24) months
from the Acceptance Date, and (d) APIs to access the Reporting Platform continue
to be made available to third party vendors, including Contractor, then upon
written approval of the Consortium or a Consortium Member, Contractor shall make
the Reporting Platform, as it exists on the Acceptance Date (“Accepted
Platform”), available to the public pursuant to the Apache License, Version 2.0.
Any Consortium Member may enforce this Section 11.4 against the Contractor if
the conditions set forth in subsections (a) to (d) have been fulfilled.
Consortium Members are intended third party beneficiaries of this Contract. For
the avoidance of doubt, this Section 11.4 will survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.
